Document several missing compat flags (#19129)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/compatibility-flags/to-string-tag.md

---
_build:

> 	publishResources: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
publishResources: false
```

> 	render: never

Reviewer: ```suggestion
render: never
```

> 	list: never

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list: never
```

name: "Automatically set the Symbol.toStringTag for Workers API objects"
sort_date: "2024-09-26"
enable_date: "2024-09-26"
enable_flag: "set_tostring_tag"
disable_flag: "do_not_set_tostring_tag"
---

> A change was made that set the Symbol.toStringTag on all Workers API objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A change was made to set the Symbol.toStringTag on all Workers API objects
```

> in order to fix several spec compliance bugs. Unfortunately it turns out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in order to fix several spec compliance bugs. Unfortunately,
```

> that was more breaking than expected. The `do_not_set_tostring_tag`  compat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this change was more breaking than anticipated. The `do_not_set_tostring_tag`  compat
```
Assuming "more breaking" is a standard term.

> flag restores the original behavior for compat dates before 2024-09-26

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flag restores the original behavior with compatibility dates of 2024-09-26 or earlier.
```
